you are in the middle of nowhere right
now at a rest stop because well then he
had to pee she's a girl girls peel out I
swear I'll tell my mom was anyways but
anyways read the rest up and there's
like this amazing view it's called
sunset point and you can see it for
yourself
nah nah nah it's the BP girl ah we're
still about 90 miles away from Flagstaff
but we'll be there right now so this is
a lot more of workout than I could even
imagine we're going to ahead and see
Danny the snowboard master or not
snowboard this led master go down boo so
the guys awesome
oh no it's not game time turns it
penguin time okay here's an idiot I
don't think you can see anything out of
that it's all snowy hold on so we
finally made it to the Grand Canyon
Danny's never been here before no
excited I don't like how close we are to
the edge though to be honest this makes
me a little bit nervous but always been
kind of a scaredy-cat so for some reason
it's actually snowing right now when
we're down here and I don't know if you
can see it or not but if you look way
down there's a little sliver down there
and it's actually the Colorado River so
she wanted to go on the Skywalk really
really bad and I didn't and it looks
like i get my way today this guy walk is
on the whole la la la la pie Indian
Reservation not a part of the grand
canyon national park it's approximately
250 miles away 5-hour Drive close to
vegas throwing to vegas maybe we do it
let me go to vegas we're gonna do it
gonna do it I want to go to Vegas so so
much for that I guess we're kind of done
here
Andrew you okay meet me me me me me me
me he's drooling he'll drooler hey
there's AG oh he looks mad where's your
where's your spouse's where's the Bulls
at read your craters about a thousand
feet deep almost as big as me it's
really bad because for some reason I
honestly have like an urge to like not
jump but like to know what I don't know
not I don't want to do it because this
is stupid yeah but for some reason
there's like this urging me that wants
to jump and I think that's what makes me
scared of these Heights that's actually
part of the real meteor that struck down
and made the crater down there but i'll
be at least this little piece of it and
I was kind of surprised because it's
made out of like pure metals expecting
to be a i don't know like rock or
something you can see it i mean you can
see the shine on it hey guys hey hey I
mean it down to the bottom of your
traitor then come down with me come out
what we jump the gates you're coming